DOC-2653 Change Impact Analysis Quickstart - Harness feature flag as change source. (#788)
harness/developer-hub: docs/service-reliability-management/howtos-service-reliability-management/change-impact-analysis/change-impact-analysis-service-health-dashboard.md

---
title: Service Health dashboard

> description: Observe and track health of monitored service.

Reviewer: Observe and track health of the monitored service.

Reviewer 2: Or "observe and track the health of a monitored service."

Author: Updated

sidebar_position: 20
---

The Service Health dashboard enables you to observe and track the health of monitored services.

The Service Health dashboard helps you:

- Track the overall health of your services, spot anomalies, and take timely action.
- Track change events that impact your monitored service.
- Observe and analyze dependencies between applications, infrastructure, and data.

> - View metrics to analyze patterns, historic trends, performance changes, and correlate factors of your services over a period.

Reviewer 2: What are correlate factors? Or does the sentence require some rewording?

Author: Changed to "correlate the data over a period."

- View log data required for debugging issues.

To view the Service Health dashboard:

1. In your Harness project, navigate to the **Service Reliability Management** module, and then select **Monitored Services**.  

>    A list of all the monitored services appears.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   A list of all monitored services appears.
```

> 2. Choose the monitored service for which you want to see the health data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Select the monitored service for which you want to see health data.
```

Author: Updated

3. Select the **Service Health** tab.  
   The Service Health dashboard appears.
   ![Service Health Dashboard](./static/change-impact-view-service-health-dashboard.png)

The **Service Health** tab is divided into the following sections:

- Change Summary 

> - Overall health score timeline

Reviewer: Change summary

Author: Corrected

- Changes list
- Service dependencies
- Metrics, logs, and errors

![Service Health Dashboard details](./static/change-impact-view-service-health-dashboard-sections.png)

### Change summary 

> Change summary displays the number of changes in deployments, infrastructure, and incidents for a specific time period. You can set the time period based on the period of length for which you want to see the data. The available options are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The change summary displays the number of changes in deployments, infrastructure, and incidents for a specific time period. You can specify the time period for which you want to see data. The available options are:
```
Not sure what "You can set the time period based on the period of length for which you want to see the data" means but we would have to ask the original author. We could hazard a guess. Not sure whether "specify" is the right word but feel free to replace.

Author: "You can specify the time period for which you want to see the data" is accurate.

- Last 24 hours (default setting)
- Last 4 hours
- Last 3 days
- Last 7 days
- Last month

### Overall Health Score timeline

> 

Reviewer: Overall health score timeline

Author: Corrected

> The overall health score timeline provides a graphical representation of the high level overview of the service health for the time period that you have selected. The graph is divided into time slots of equal length based on the time period setting. The graph also displays the changes in deployment, infrastructure, and feature flag. It also displays the incidents. This helps you correlate the data over a time period and analyze the impact of change on the reliability of the service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The overall health score timeline is a graphical overview of the health of a service over a specified time period. The graph is divided into time slots of equal length. The span of each division depends on the time period setting. The graph displays changes in deployment, infrastructure, and feature flag. It also displays incidents. This helps you correlate data over a time period and analyze the impact of change on the reliability of the service.
```
* Not sure what "graphical representation of the high level overview", but I proposed a change. Let me know whether it works. 
* Also not sure what "based on the time period setting" refers to, but I took a leap. 
* Either "displays changes in the deployment, infrastructure, and feature flag" or "displays changes in deployments, infrastructures, and feature flags". Which one?
* What does the "this" that begins the last sentence refer to? The incidents in the previous sentence or the timeline/graph overall?

Author: Points taken. Here is the updated text:

The overall health score timeline is a graphical overview of the health of a service over a specified time period. The graph is divided into time slots of equal length. The span of each division depends on the time period setting. The graph displays change in deployments, infrastructures, and feature flags. It also displays incidents. The graph helps you correlate data over a time period and analyze the impact of change on the reliability of the service.

> 

Reviewer: The graph displays the changes in deployment, infrastructure, feature flag and incidents.

Author: Updated text:

The overall health score timeline is a graphical overview of the health of a service over a specified time period. The graph is divided into time slots of equal length. The span of each division depends on the time period setting. The graph displays change in deployments, infrastructures, and feature flags. It also displays incidents. The graph helps you correlate data over a time period and analyze the impact of change on the reliability of the service.

> The overall health score is computed based on the change events such as deployments, infrastructure changes, and incidents. The health score ranges between 0 and 100.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The overall health score is computed based on change events such as deployments, infrastructure changes, and incidents. The health score ranges between 0 and 100.
```
* Can we review this sentence from a technical standpoint? Are deployments considered change events here? Ignore if accurate. Also, "change events such as ... infrastructure changes" sounds odd. Would help to reword. 
* Also, when we use "between" with a numeric range, the end points are not included. Can a health score not be 0 or 100?

Author: Updated text:

The total health score is calculated based on deployment and infrastructure modification change events, as well as incidents. The total health score is calculated based on deployment and infrastructure modification change events, as well as incidents. The health score ranges from 0 and 100.

#### Time Window

> The Overall Health Score timeline has a **Time Window** which displays granular details such as health score, incident count, metrics, and logs for a specific timeline on the graph. You can move the Time Window along the graph to choose a specific timeline. You can increase or decrease the timeline using the handles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Overall Health Score timeline has a time window that displays granular details such as health score, incident count, metrics, and logs for a specific time period on the graph. You can move the time window along the graph to choose a specific time period. You can increase or decrease the time window by using the handles.
```

Author: Updated

> 

Reviewer: You can modify the timeline using the handles.

Author: Updated text:

You can change the time period by using the handles.

![Time Window](./static/change-impact-timewindow.png)

### Changes list

The **Changes** list provides a detailed breakdown of all the changes occurred in deployment, infrastructure, and feature flags during the selected time period. It also displays the incidents from the incident management tool during the selected time period. You can see the following information in the **Chages** list:

> 

Reviewer: The **Changes** list provides a detailed breakdown of all the changes that occurred in deployment, infrastructure, and feature flags during the selected time period. It also displays the incidents from the incident management tool during the selected time period. You can see the following information in the **Changes** list:

Author: Updated

- Deployments such as ECS, Kubernetes, and Helm from the Harness Deployment module.
- Infrastructure changes such as Kubernetes events, Terraform audit logs, MongoDB audit events, AWS CloudTrail, GCP audit logs, and Azure audit logs.
- Incidents from incident management tool such as PagerDuty.

### Service dependencies

The **Service Dependency** section displays a graphical representation of the dependencies between applications, infrastructure, and data.

> 

Reviewer: The **Service Dependency** section depicts the dependencies between applications, infrastructure, and data graphically.

Author: Updated text:

The Service Dependence section graphically displays the dependencies between applications, infrastructure, and data.

![Service dependency](./static/change-impact-service-dependency.png)

You can get a quick overview of the service health by selecting a service.

![Service dependency details](./static/change-impact-service-dependency-details.png)

### Metrics, logs, and errors

The **Metrics**, **Logs**, and **Errors** tabs displays the metrics, log, and error data collected at regular intervals.

> 

Reviewer: The **Metrics**, **Logs**, and **Errors** tabs display the metrics, logs, and error data collected at regular intervals, respectively.

Author: Correctec

#### Metrics tab

The **Metrics** tab displays the metrics collected at regular intervals.

You can customize the metrics list using the following filters:

- **All Metrics**: Displays all the metrics captured by the health sources.
- **Anomalous Metrics**: Displays the anomalous metrics captured by the health sources.

> 

Reviewer: All metrics
Anomalous metrics

Author: They are UI elements.
